In Sarawak, the Iban community is known for its unique foods that cannot be found elsewhere.

The chicken is a chicken that is cooked in the bamboo.Usually the Iban people will use older chickens to make "crazy".This food is delicious as a side dish and a "crab" during the festival.The sweet potato leaves will be placed at the end of the bamboo to produce the scent.Panuk Panuk is a popular food during the Gawai Day celebration and is a must try by all of you!

Fish or "package" is well known for the Iban community.It is not valid that the Iban tribe served without food on the side.Often, fish will be sourded for a month before eating, the more secrets are tasting.In addition, various types of fish can be used to be used as a fish such as fish, baong, java lamps, tasty, sepat and any kind of river fish.



The ensiler is a favorite traditional food of Iban is a mustard vegetable made to make it a pack.The Ensabi package is also known as the "Kasam Ensabi" by the Iban community.It tastes sour and a little salty to enjoy with hot rice dishes and mixed with lemon.It feels like we want to add rice!



Umai, is the traditional food of the Melanau people in Sarawak especially the fishermen.Basically, Umai is a dish consisting of raw fish slices, shrimp or squid mixed with onions, chillies, salt and lemon juice.



The production was a mandatory food during the Gawai festival.The cake is fried until golden.The body has a sweet and delicious taste and is served during Gawai Day.



Midin or "Kemiding" is one of the village foods that can be found on the edge of the bush."Kemiding" will often be cooked with belacan sambal.But this food is not only available in the village but in the city.This midin vegetable is a traditional food for the Iban community.This crunchy and delicious taste will surely evoke your taste!



You have seen some of the most delicious and delicious Iban community foods!However, there are many other foods that are their tradition.

To your knowledge, in Sarawak too, people visit to enjoy a special and exciting meal.Not everyone is able to swallow this food, but for those who are successful, they will praise this food.



This Aiwan is called sago worms.Sagu or Mulong (Sarawakians) are a type of caterpillar that can be found in sago trees.Usually the older trees are cut down and picked up to find this worm.This caterpillar is used as food by the indigenous people there.If in the farmers there are for sale (like selling vegetables).