When you go to an invalid place if you do not try local foods because it is not complete to travel without trying local food.Sabah has a variety of races certainly has a variety of traditional foods that are not in your place.There must be some of you especially the food hunters wondering what unique food is in Sabah.Here we would like to share some unique foods that you must try when visiting in Sabah.

1.tuhau

Tuhau is a wild plant that grows a lot in the Borneo Islands.It is a traditional Kadazandusun food in Sabah.Tuhau is usually made of gray, citrus, sambal, slippers and so on.This food has a unique and delicious taste.It is suitable for eating raw or with hot rice.Food hunters can try to eat this food when visiting Sabah because the uniqueness will surely open your appetite.

2. Latok

Latok is a type of seaweed and is a traditional food for the Bajau people.Latok is also known as a sea wine for resembling grapes.The texture is like eating fish eggs.Latok is usually eaten raw with musk and chilli or chili or made.You should squeeze the lemon on the lime to eliminate the fishy of the linge.It feels like a crunchy will surely be a favorite of every tongue that feels.

3. Bosou

Bosou is a type of food that is cooked with rice and other ingredients.Bosou is a traditional food for the Kadazan-Dusun people.There are several types of bosou such as Bosou Fish, Vegetable Bosou, Bosou Shrimp and so on.After being marinated for a few days with other ingredients, Bosou is ready to eat.Bosou is very good at eating with hot rice.The rice on your plate will definitely increase when you enjoy this dish.

4. Ambuyat

Ambuyat is a type of food made from sago flour.It is a traditional food for the Brunei and Bisaya people.Ambuyat is eaten with side dishes such as fish and vegetables.Ambuyat tastes good when it's hot because the texture is still soft when it's hot.Once the ambuyat is cold the texture becomes more viscous and hard.This food tastes fresh, so the taste of this food depends on the taste of the side dishes and the texture of the ambitious.If the side dishes are delicious, you will definitely be addicted to eating this food.

5. Ruined

Burasak or buras is a traditional food for the Bugis in Sabah. Burasak is made from rice, coconut milk wrapped in banana leaves and eaten with side dishes. Burasak is usually served during the festive season by the Bugis community. This dish can be found in eateries that serve Bugis food everywhere. Its fatty taste will definitely make you addicted to eating it.

6. Hinava

Hinava is a traditional food for the Kadazandusun community. Hinava is also called raw fish salad because it is made from a mixture of raw fish, chili, lemon, ginger and so on. This dish is an appetizer for the Kadazandusun people. Its spicy and sour taste is sure to arouse the appetite of every tongue that tastes it.

7. Granddaughter



Putu is a type of food made from tapioca pulp that is squeezed out and steamed. This food is a traditional food for the Bajau people in Semporna. This food is usually eaten with grilled fish and other seafood. This food is usually a supply for fishermen before going down to the sea because it is filling and long-lasting. The texture is slightly chewy and the fatty taste can arouse the appetite of people who have lost their appetite. So anyone who has gastritis can bring putu as a supply.

8. Lemiding

Lemiding is a type of forest fern found in the Borneo archipelago. Usually Sabahans always cook stir-fried lemiding or fried belacan. Lemiding is very easy to find in Sabah because many restaurants sell this vegetable. The taste is very tasty, refreshing and unique. Once you try it, you will definitely want more because the taste of this vegetable is not the same as other vegetables.

9. Bambangan

Bambangan is a type of wild mango that is only found in the Borneo archipelago. A study was conducted by a local university and found that bambangan is able to kill cancer cells. The taste of this fruit is very unique, sour and sweet. The people of Sabah usually make sambal or pickles from bambangan. The sweet and sour taste is sure to whet your appetite.